hi this is Jenny coming to you from the
twisted throttle world headquarters in
Exeter Rhode Island and this is no noise
the next generation in motorcycle
hearing protection what makes this
really cool and different from most
other traditional foam earplugs is that
unlike blocking all of the sound these
are specifically designed to only reduce
harmful frequencies so this means wind
noise exhaust noise the reason for that
is this little filter inside of each no
noise ear plug is a tiny ceramic filter
inside that filter is a specially
designed channel that specifically
reduces wind noise frequencies so rather
than blocking all sound you can still
hear what's going on around you things
like police sirens or an ambulance
that's approaching from behind or a car
that's in the lane next to you you can
still hear your surroundings for that
reason no noise was actually originally
developed for the Dutch police and
military forces they are made of a
hypoallergenic non silicone material
that's soft and pliable the best part is
they're washable and reusable just with
soap and water they also come with this
really nice little aluminum tube that
fits on your keychain
put it on your motorcycle keys and that
way you'll never forget them when you
leave the house no noise comes in eight
different varieties
so apart from motor sports we also carry
shooting earplugs lawn and garden sleep
airplane or travel every day swimming
and music I as well as most of the crew
here at twisted throttle actually wear
these on a regular basis and I just have
to say I'm never going to go back to
foam earplugs I love these because I
still have situational awareness I know
what's going on around me when I'm on my
bike and I'll never go back to that
black tier feeling that I used to get
with my standard foam earplugs for more
information on no noise go to twisted
throttle comm slash no noise where you
can chat live with one of our tech
experts
or call us toll-free at 855 two five
five five five five zero and as always
we love hearing from our customers so
please come to the website and leave a
rating or review
[Music]